then we turn and journeyed into the
wilderness of the way of the Red Sea as
the Lord spoke to me and we skirted
Mount Seir for many days and the Lord
spoke to me saying you have skirted this
mountain long enough turn northward and
command the people saying you are about
to pass through the territory of your
brethren the descendants of Esau who
live in sere and they will be afraid of
you
therefore watch yourselves carefully do
not meddle with them for I will not give
you any of their land no not so much as
one footstep because I have given Mount
Seir to ezel as a possession you shall
buy food from them with money that you
may eat and you shall also buy water
from them with money that you may drink
for the Lord your God has blessed you in
all the work of your hand he knows your
trudging through this great wilderness
these forty years the Lord your God has
been with you you have left nothing and
when we pass beyond our brethren the
descendants of Esau who dwelt in sere
away from the road of the plain way from
Allah and easy on Juber we turned and
passed by way of the wilderness of Moab
then the Lord said to me do not Harris
mother nor contend with them in battle
for I will not give you any of their
land as a possession because I have
given are to the descendants of Lord as
a possession the imam had dwelt there in
times past the people is great to
numerous and tall as the Anakim they
were also regarded as giants like the
anak
but the Moabites called them email the
whole rights formerly dwelt in seer but
the descendants of Esau dispossessed
them and destroyed them from before them
and dwelt in their place just as Israel
did to the land of their possession
which the Lord gave them now rise and
cross over the valley of the Spirit so
he crossed over the valley of the zeroD
and the time we took to come from Kadesh
Barnea until we crossed over the valley
of the zeroD was 38 years until all the
generation the men-of-war was consumed
from the midst of the camp just as the
Lord had sworn to him for indeed the
hand of the Lord was against them to
destroy them from the midst of the camp
until they were consumed so it was when
all the men of war had finally perished
from among the people that the Lord
spoke to me saying this day you are to
cross over at our boundary of Moab
and when you come near the people of
ammon do not harass them or meddle with
them for I will not give you any of the
land of the people of ammon as a
physician because I have given it to the
descendants of lot as a possession that
was also regarded as a land of giants
Giants formerly dwelt there but the
Amorite Skol them Zemzem in a people as
great in numerous and tall as the anagen
but the Lord destroyed them before them
and they dispossessed them and dwelt in
their place just as he had done for the
descendants of Esau who dwelt in seer
when he destroyed the whole rights from
before them they dispossessed them and
dwelt in their place even to this day
and they even who dwelt in villages as
far as Gaza the calf to him who came
from kaptur destroyed them and dwelt in
their place rise take your journey and
cross over the river arnon look I have
given into your hand
syan the amorite king of Ashton and his
land begin to possess it and engage in
in battle
this day I will begin to put the dread
and fear of you upon the nations and the
whole heaven who shall hear the report
of you and shall tremble and be in
anguish because of you and I sent
messengers from the wilderness of Quetta
month to Sian king of Heshbon with words
of peace saying let me pass through your
land I will keep strictly to the road
and I will turn neither to the right nor
to the left
you shall sell me food for money that I
may eat and give me water for money that
I may drink only let me pass through on
foot just as the descendants of Esau who
dwell in sere and the Moabites dwelling
are did for me until I crossed the
Jordan to the land which the Lord our
God is giving us but tsiyon king of
Heshbon would not let us pass through
for the Lord your God harden his spirit
and made his heart obstinate that he
might deliver him into your hand as it
is this day and the Lord said to me see
I have begun to give tsiyon and his land
over to you begin to possess it that you
may inherit his land and sighin and all
his people came out against us to fight
that jay has and the Lord our God
delivered him over to us so we defeated
him his sons
and all his people we took all his
cities at that time and we utterly
destroyed the men women and little ones
of every city we left none remaining we
took only the livestock as plunder for
ourselves with the spoils of the cities
which we took from a roar which is on
the bank of the river arnon and from the
city that is in the ravine as far as
Gilead there was not one city too strong
for us the Lord our God delivered all to
us only you did not go near the land of
the people of ammon anywhere along the
river Jabbok or to the cities of the
mountains or wherever the Lord our God
had forbidden us